Why should I be sentenced to death?
It's all your fault.
I don't want to regret the way I live.
But what if the person you save
ends up taking someone else's life?
You're going to die amidst a crowd.
You've already been
sentenced to a secret execution.
Anyway, I've already decided
how I'm going to die.
Are my mother and I both cursed by people?
What is the correct way to die?
The value of life becomes vague.
Even the worth of important
people can become unclear.
I'm scared of that.
It's all your fault.
You're going to die amidst a crowd.
Go help others.
I can't die.
So, I never regretted saving you.
Then we are accomplices.
I will never lose again.
I will win.
Go to the underworld and
apologize to my brothers.
You're strong. Go help others.
Are you ready, Itadori?
People will die. It's inevitable.
Then I hope at least
they can die properly.
When you get killed by a curse, will you
also blame your grandfather for it?
I hope when I die,
there will be many people sending me off.
I noticed that among the lives I took,
some of them could also cry.
Those people died because of you.
(Episode 42: Right and Wrong)
(JUJUTSU KAISEN Shibuya Incident)
Malaysia.
That's right. Malaysia.
I should go to Kuantan.
I'll build a house on an empty beach.
The books that I bought but never read
have piled up like a mountain.
I want to read them slowly,
as if I'm retrieving the time lost.
No, I should go to save Fushiguro now.
Where are Maki and Mr. Naobito?
What happened to them?
I'm tired. I'm really tired.
Yes, I'm tired.
I've done enough.
Here you are.
I'm here, as always.
Would you like to say a few words?
After all, you've played
with me many times.
Haibara,
in the end, what do I want to do?
I once ran away.
But I came back for a vague reason
like sense of achievement.
No,
this isn't right.
No, Haibara.
I can't say such things.
This could become a curse on him.
Nanami...
No.
No...
Itadori.
I'll leave the rest to you.
What is this?
What is this, Mahito?
You don't have to shout. I can hear you!
Yuji Itadori!
Save me.
Soul Multiplicity.
Body Repel.
If you stood firmer,
I might be able to punch
through your face.
Why did you kill
so many people?
If I count and kill while looking
troubled, will you be satisfied?
I'll do that next time.
Regarding your endless prattle,
I'll respond in the same way.
Yuji Itadori.
Save me.
You are me.
Don't get mad over everything.
This is just the curse talking nonsense.
But still,
as long as you don't acknowledge this,
you are destined to lose to me.
You talk too much...
Is this your last words?
I'll leave the rest to you.
If it were Nanami,
he wouldn't lose his cool out of anger.
I want to prove
- you're a...
- I'm a...
Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Not bad, keep it up.
The second round begins.
(JUJUTSU KAISEN)
11:19 P.M., SHIBUYA STATION,
DOGENZAKA TICKET GATE
Oh no.
If I take a risk and mess up,
I'm as good as dead.
For now, I'll mainly attack
the transfigured humans.
How terrifying.
He has more moves than before.
Brat.
Hey, hurry over here.
There are tons of monsters there.
It's too dangerous!
That guy is
up there?
I'm sorry.
No place in Shibuya is safe now.
You should keep away...
Damn it, he...
Hey, you.
Don't you think you lack some imagination?
Stop.
Are you an idiot? It's up to you.
This trick is more effective
against Itadori's soul.
Also, we'll have one more trump card
that's enough to crush you.
- What?
- Wait...
Alright, swallow...
Yeah.
I have enough in storage.
As for the humans except ones below,
deal with them as you please.
Then let's continue with
the Killing Itadori Show.
No!
Jogo.
Then come get me.
I'll go underground,
and you stay up there.
Wait for me to call you back.
I know that already.
That's true.
RUNNING IN BOTH DIRECTIONS
Bye-bye.
He escaped.
Mahito!
11:16 P.M., DOGENZAKA ALLEY
Did you see that?
Ridiculous, right?
I was wandering there not long ago.
Patchface...
Is it you?
The special grade cursed spirit
that messed with our guy?
How annoying.
Am I a celebrity?
Yeah, you're the famous one
who ran away cowardly.
Not bad.
You are worth my time to kill.
I haven't shown anything
good today anyway.
As I remember,
his technique is related to souls.
And I can't touch his hands.
At least, I have to
exorcise a worm that ran away.
I have to recall
the core of Cursed Energy
that I grasped back then.
Terrible aiming.
Hairpin.
Very impressive.
But this is basically
ineffective against me.
It seems
she's probably close with that guy.
I might as well show
her corpse to Yuji Itadori
to severely damage his soul.
Psychological test.
Who do you remember most vividly? The one
you like the most or the one you hate the most?
The result will be announced
after the release of the title.
(Next Episode: Right and Wrong Part 2)
If your mind is filled with past thoughts,
it means you're a homebody.